Dart: Document Scope Deprecations (#5145)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/enriching-events/scopes/scope-synchronization/flutter.mdx

> ### Scope Synchronization

Reviewer: @denrase The page that uses this file includes needs to add a supported platform otherwise it's not visible, See https://sentry-docs-git-fork-denrase-denrase-document-flutter-sy-b4cbd9.sentry.dev/platforms/flutter/enriching-events/scopes/

Author: Pushed a change

> Starting with version '6.6.0' of the SDK, setting data on the Flutter `Scope` can be synced to the Android and iOS SDKs. This behaviour is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting `SentryOptions.enableScopeSync` to false. The following `Scope` methods will sync and can also be awaited upon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version `6.6.0` of the SDK, setting data on the Flutter `Scope` can be synced to the Android and iOS SDKs. This behavior is enabled by default and can be disabled by setting `SentryOptions.enableScopeSync` to false. The following `Scope` methods will sync and can also be awaited upon:
```
